#1

when can i donate blood ?
bot reply -  You could visit any of our camps from 9AM to 11PM

will the camp in kurnool be open after 10 PM ?
bot reply -  Yes definetly , it closes by 11PM.

How much blood will be drawn ?
bot reply - That would depend on your age.
	    May I know your age ?

60
bot reply - Based on your age , we might draw 1 unit of blood (350 ml).

How will that vary for my son who is 25 years old ?
bot reply - We might draw a maximum of 2 units from him only upon his consent.

I stay in Bangalore , is there any camp of yours that is close to mine ?
bot reply - Yes certainly , Anantapur district should be the closest.

Oh , Thank you.
bot reply - My pleasure.

#2

Hi I am Pruthvi
bot reply -  Hello Pruthvi , nice to meet you.

Where can I donate blood ?
bot reply - We operate in Kurnool , Guntur , Kadapa , Chitoor and Anantapur districts. You could visit any camp in any of these districts .

how long will the camps be open ?
bot reply - The camps are open from 9AM to 11PM. That is for 14 hours everyday .

I live in hindupur , which is the closest camp to my place ?
bot reply -  Anantapur district is the closest to your place.

okay 

How much do you charge for a unit of blood ?
bot reply - A unit of blood would cost you 200 rupees upon receiving blood.

Will I be paid for donating blood ?
bot reply - The camps are being run by NGOs and free donations are only accepted.

How long has it been since you started the camps ?
bot reply - The camps were inaugerated by the CM on 12-12-2018 .

Thank you
bot reply - Happy to help .

#3

Are you available in guntur ? 
bot reply -  Yes , we have our camps running in Guntur district.

okay
How many hospitals are running the camps ?
bot reply -  The camps are being conducted in every government hospital in the district .

What precautions do I have to take before donating ?
bot reply - The donor should have some food before donating . Free food is being sponsered by NGOs .

Oh that's great. When can I donate ?
bot reply - The camps operate from 9AM to 11PM.

okay bye
bot reply -  See you later, thanks for visiting


#4

sup
bot reply -  Hi there, how can I help?

i need blood .
bot reply - May I know which blood group you are looking for ?

AB-
bot reply - Okay , Which district is the closest to your residence amongst these - Kurnool , Guntur , Kadapa , Chitoor and Anantapur ?

Chitoor
bot reply - Okay
	    We have found 15 units of AB- blood in chitoor district . You could visit any camp to receive blood.

Thank you
bot reply - You're welcome.


#5

can i receive blood from guntur or vizag district ?
bot reply - We don't have our camps in Vizag district ,but you could visit our camps in Guntur district.

why not in vizag ?
bot reply - It has been two weeks since the camps have started . We are slowly spreading across different districts . We will soon set up camps in Vizag as well.

Okay , How many districts do you cover at present ?
bot reply - We are spread across 5 districts for now , namely - Kurnool , Guntur , Kadapa , Chitoor and Anantapur .

Could you share more information about the camps ?
bot reply - Please contact 741852 for further details.

Thank you
bot reply - Sure


#6

kurnool .... do you have a camp in any hospital there ?
bot reply - yes , we operate in kurnool .
	    May I know if you want to receive or donate blood ?

I want to donate .

bot reply - Glad to hear that . You could visit any of our camps from 9Am to 11PM to donate.
		Also free food is provided.

Okay.
Where can I donate apat from kurnool ?
bot reply - You could donate in Guntur , Kadapa , Chitoor or Anantapur also.

OKay Thank You
bot reply - Most welcome. Please visit again



#7

hey , I want to donate blood 
bot reply -  Very pleased to hear that. Is there anything you want to know ?

can i visit any of your camps in anantapur district ?
bot reply -  Yes you could visit any camp in anatapur district

what time ?
bot reply -  We are open from 9AM and close by 11PM.

Which hospital is your camp located in ?
bot reply -  The camps are spread across all government hospitals in the district .

okay thank you
bot reply -  My pleasure

#8

my son needs blood
bot reply - Oh . Please let us know of the blood group in need.

O+
bot reply - we have 102 units of O+ blood left . 
	    Please tell your location so that we may find the closest district.

i live in bangalore 
bot reply -  Anantapur district is the closest to your location . There are 24 units of O+ in Anantapur. contact 741852 for further details.


what time can i visit any camps of yours ?
bot reply - Between 9AM and 11PM .

thanks
bot reply - You're welcome .


#9

i need some blood , is there any hospital in kadapa district ? 
bot reply -  Yes , we have 25 government hospitals in Kadapa conducting the camps.

when can i visit ?
bot reply -  The camps in the hospitals open at 9AM and close by 11PM .

okay 

which hospitals operate in anantapur district ?
bot reply -  All government hospitals are currently functional .

bye
bot reply -  See you later, thanks for visiting



#10

i am in need of A- blood group
bot reply -  How many units are required ?

3units
bot reply - Okay . May I know your location ?

Guntur
bot reply - The camps are open , please rush to any government hospital in your district .

Are there enough units?
bot reply - Yes we have found 17 units of A- blood in Guntur district.

name a few other districts you offer your service 
bot reply - we currently run camps in Kurnool , Kadapa , Chitoor and Anantapur also.

Thank you , bye
bot reply -  Bye! Come back again soon.


























